Subtitles by DramaFever
I was right, wasn't I?
You're sure now, right?
Yes.
I am sure now.
See, what did I say, Joon?
I know.
We should just be friends.
What?
Friends?
Yes, friends.
What? That's nonsense.
That just now was like...
a million, no, two million volts.
I was totally like Pikachu right now.
I was nearly electrocuted.
Not me.
You didn't feel it?
No, I didn't.
I was the only one who did?
You felt it by yourself.
I felt nothing.
Let's draw a clear line now.
You and I are nothing more than friends.
Okay?
[Episode 9]
What do I do?
No, no.
This can't be real.
How could this be real?
I really...
gave her a good kiss.
How could she...
not feel the electricity?
Does this make sense?
What are you doing?
Aren't you going to bed?
You know, Joon...
I know she likes me,
but she won't admit it.
Stop talking and go to bed.
I really...
gave her a good kiss.
How could she...
not feel the electricity?
How?
Huh?
Nothing could be clearer than this.
What could this mean?
Why is she being like this?
Jae Hoon.
I worked so hard today.
Let me sleep in the bed.
Just for today, okay?
- Turn off the light.
- Okay.
Both you and I were
completely wrong about Joon.
She's an expert at
playing games with men.
She is a master in playing hard to get.
Please go to sleep.
Where did she learn such a bad thing?
Joon needs to realize
that's not what real love is.
But now that she's
using her skills on me...
I have to respond.
Hey, I said go to sleep.
What am I supposed to do now?
Since she's started using her skills,
should I respond similarly or not?
Where did you learn such a bad thing
to make me suffer, Joon?
Today is finally the day of Chef Jo's
bulgogi bowl's launch, so stay alert.
- Go over all your tasks again.
- Yes.
Make sure all the
PR materials are going out.
Manager Kim, make sure
there are no operations issues.
Yes, I'll do that.
Section Chief Kwon.
Compile a report of
the market response of the first day.
- Get it to Managing Director Seol.
- Yes, Section Chief Yang.
Gosh, it doesn't make sense.
It doesn't make sense.
What are you planning to do?
With what?
What are you doing
with the Seman products?
Why? Are you worried?
Tell President Jang
to prepare for the lawsuit.
He'll realize how serious it is
to steal our products.
We didn't put "Seman" on those products.
They'll be sold with
the Gangsu Foods label.
The product isn't being stolen,
so don't sue, okay?
You don't think selling under
the Gangsu label will cause problems?
You think it'll even sell?
We'll have to try and sell to know.
Where will you sell it?
Do you have a sales distributor?
I do have one place.
I'm going to go try that place now.
Don't go to the wrong place and
bring embarrassment to Gangsu Foods.
Just give up now.
"Embarrassment" and "give up"
are not in my dictionary, my friend.
Bye, now.
Hey.
Cover for me with
Section Chief Yang while I'm out.
Help me out, friend.
I love you. Muah.
It's been a while since I last worked
into the night, so my whole body hurts.
What's Hyuk so confident about
that he's making such bold claims?
The bosses will be up in arms
once they find out.
Well, he says he'll figure it all out.
We should wait and see.
Does he have something he can rely on?
He said has a hidden card or something
that he can't tell us about.
- A hidden card?
- Hidden card?
Yes.
I love you! Muah.
Oh my goodness.
What is it?
Oh, uh... I can't get
this window cleaned very well.
There must be a lot of frost on it.
That's odd.
Come on, Uncle.
No, I can't!
This is a really good product
you can't afford to lose out on.
Hey, how can I accept
the beef rice bowl back again?
How does that make sense?
Gangsu Foods has already
made their new product.
Chef Jo's bulgogi.
That's going to be
distributed in every store.
All I'm saying is just make a small spot
for it next to Chef Jo's product.
I'm not asking for much.
Do it for me until the products sell out.
Just a month, no, two weeks.
Come on, Uncle.
Did you even get permission for this?
I'm asking if your father knows.
Obviously, there's a reason
why I'm coming directly to you.
You rascal, have you no fear?
Hey, both you and me...
do you want to get us
killed by your dad?
That's why we need
to do this in secret.
This will be our second secret pact.
Second?
What was the first one?
Oh, you know.
You know, those pills
I got for you before.
Are you taking them well?
What pills are you talking about? Huh?
Vi... a...
You punk! That's a secret.
Uncle, don't you understand how much
your nephew worries about your health?
Hey, you're being so petty.
Hey, hey, hey!
You punk! Stand right there.
Stand right there?
That's your issue, Uncle.
How is it lately? Is it okay?
Why, you little rascal!
Hey, you!
Seriously, you little rascal. I got you.
You'd better shut your mouth.
Uncle, you can punish me.
I will cheer for you. Gangsu!
Why isn't he coming?
Oh, I'm getting worried.
What's taking him so long?
There he is!
- Where, where?
- Hyuk!
Hey!
What happened? Can we sell the product?
We can't?
Of course, the new product
is being displayed everywhere.
- We can sell it.
- He says we can.
- We can?
- Yes.
Wow, wow!
Wow, Mister Byun.
You did it again. You did.
Oh my goodness. I'm so emotional.
Hey, then, do we get money?
I mean, a bonus.
- Of course!
- Yeah!
Everything's good about you and all.
But you always take so long...
your progression.
As I thought, a master of playing games.
I should be pushing her away
at times like these.
Ah, I just can't do it when I see Joon.
Joon, wait up!
Joon, wait for me.
Those are the good days.
Madam Ahn, that hurt.
Yeah!
Oh yeah!
Oh, is this where it is?
Yes.
That kid caused
another big problem this time.
Doesn't he know he can't just make
products with previous subcontractors?
It seems he wants to share in the
profits and make a deal with us.
Just to help that subcontractor,
he sabotages the launch of a new product?
He's not just crazy.
He's beyond that.
What should I do?
There's nothing to think about.
I'll have to support the other side.
Support the other side?
You want to give us more support
with Chef Jo's bulgogi product?
You prepared this new product for a
long time and the response is good.
Of course, we should give you as
much financial support as you need.
We are marketing it more than enough.
Increase the marketing during prime time.
The costs will be covered.
He's very concerned by this.
One refreshing bite for you
and one for me.
Ah... so delicious.
Chef Jo's Bulgogi Bowl.
What should we do?
It was a consistent seller before.
I didn't think it would
go down like this.
How could it not?
Look at that.
Whenever the TV is turned on,
Chef Jo's face is on it.
Of course, the new product
will sell better.
Once you lose your spot
in the market, it's over for you.
Mister, isn't there a way?
You were once an expert
in PR and marketing.
Yeah?
Isn't there another way, Mister?
Why are you all asking me?
Realistically, it's too hard to succeed.
How can you beat a big company like that?
Still, give us one idea.
Something you would do
when you're at the edge of a cliff.
There must be something.
Oh, gosh.
Well, let's see...
It's all right.
It was more than enough
that I got my product in the stores.
I'm grateful for your efforts.
Mister Kim.
Ki Sub.
Mister!
What, what?
There is a method you can use
when you don't have the finances.
Wow.
First rule of marketing.
Tap into the subconscious.
Hello, customers at Gangsu Mart.
Today, Gangsu Foods beef rice bowls
are buy three, get one free.
It tastes just like the beef our mothers
cooked for us back when we were young.
When we went back to our home
to visit our grandmothers...
Where were her boundaries?
How could she be so uniquely beautiful
even in a situation like this?
Young man, let me try a sample.
Yes.
Let me know if you'd like to try more.
Please enjoy.
Oh, here's that Gangsu Foods
beef rice bowl that I like.
Oh, you know it.
We have a buy three, get one free sale.
Yes, even if there is a new product,
this really is the best.
This works out great. Okay.
This is where it was.
Oh my.
Oh, Gangsu Foods beef rice bowl.
I heard it was good.
Please give me some.
- It looks good.
- I heard it's very good.
There's nothing better than word of mouth
to get into the subconscious mind.
"This is good. It's really delicious."
You need to drive that home.
Oh my goodness!
I've found Gangsu Foods beef rice bowls.
My youngest son is so picky,
but he ate this and got strong.
Then got into the college he wanted.
Oh, really?
I couldn't find it in the other stores.
I'll buy a lot while I'm here.
- You can't buy it all.
- I'd better buy a box.
I'm going buy it too.
- I'll take it all.
- Give me more.
- Give me two more.
- Give me some, please.
Oh my. They're all gone.
I'd better save some for myself.
Have you heard of viral marketing?
It may not be the right method,
but we could give it a try.
We're not in a position
to pick and choose.
Excuse me. Please let me by.
It keeps running out.
I just can't keep it stocked.
Where is this from?
It's from Gangsu Foods.
It's very good.
- Yes, yes. Here you go.
- I think it's working.
I think you're right.
It's all gone already.
This is a big problem.
Managing Director.
May I sit with you?
I wanted to see you, so this works out.
I wanted to discuss something with you.
Why did you assign Hyuk to this task?
I was curious.
I wanted to know what
kind of mind this Byun Hyuk has.
I wanted to know
how far those qualities went.
His qualities?
Is he a person who can move
and act according to his thoughts?
Can he recognize the wall of reality
that he will eventually run into?
Also, will he eventually
overcome that wall or not?
That guy... he should've taken it easy.
Hey, Intern! Where are you? Intern!
Yes, Section Chief Yang.
Hey, Intern!
Hey, are you crazy?
You made those beef rice bowls with
Seman and labeled them as Gangsu Foods.
Byun Hyuk, you did it, didn't you?
You asked me two, three times when
we were terminating the contract.
You were planning it out
since then, right?
Sorry, but the products weren't
distributed without permission.
They are being sold
using the existing recipe.
They've agreed to share in profits.
They will pay the royalties.
Then there are no problems, right?
No problems?
No problems, you say?
Chef Jo is causing a big fuss and
threatening to sue for damages!
What? Chef Jo?
He wants to know why we had a contract
with him, yet sold a competing product.
He says Gangsu Foods lied to him
and breached contract.
He's causing a big scene right now!
What's the big deal about selling both
that it's a breach of contract?
Hey, it's because
he's lost that much profit.
I doubt it made that much difference.
I really can't get through to you.
Section Chief Kwon,
give me the sales report.
Ah, okay.
Seman sold this many units?
I seriously think I'm going insane!
This is why Chef Jo is going nuts.
Oh, amazing! They sold this many?
Wow, this is totally great!
Wow.
What do we do?
Hyuk is getting in big trouble
with Section Chief Yang.
I can see why.
Who knew we'd sell so many?
What should we do, Joon?
Should I meet with Chef Jo?
Hey, do you think you can fix this issue?
You're being way too arrogant.
What were you thinking, acting on your
own in a matter that affects our sales?
What? Is it because
you're the CEO's son?
Do I look seem like a joke to you?
It wasn't like that at all.
Then what was it?
Honestly, when President Jang
was on his knees here...
I'm really not making any excuses,
Section Chief Yang.
I really am sorry.
When a man who tried to hang himself
was on his knees asking for help...
didn't you all feel heartache?
I didn't go against company policy
to side with subcontractors.
Still, these are people
we worked with for a long time.
At the very least,
shouldn't we cover their losses?
We can't leave others to die
for the sake of our profit.
We're not all those
kinds of monsters, are we?
Mister Byun Hyuk,
watch what you're saying.
Do you think the people here
don't care about others as much as you?
Then what is it?
What's so important about company policy?
Isn't is okay to get a little
smaller bonus for the new product?
Bonus? I'm glad you brought it up.
It's not like we get much.
Hey, do you think we're doing this
over a little money?
Then what is it?
We're scared of the higher-ups!
If our performance suffers,
we don't get promoted.
Then we'll be out of the company
before you know it.
Hey, President Jang isn't
the only desperate person.
Everyone here is trying
not to get pushed out.
We're all working like crazy
trying to survive!
You may not care since
you're the CEO's son.
That's not how it is for us.
Who? Who's pushing you out?
Who else? The person at the top.
By "top"...
do you mean the person I'm thinking of?
Do you?
Excuse me.
The CEO is looking for you.
You sold products from a subcontractor
we terminated our contract with?
I've never seen an idiot like you.
What are you doing?
Beg father for forgiveness.
I won't be forgiving you, so get lost.
You're fired starting today.
Drag him out of here now!
Father.
Can you not live this way?
What are you talking about now?
You already have so much.
You should be more than full now.
Can't you share and eat with others now?
There's no such thing
as sharing in this industry.
Don't you know about
survival of the fittest?
If I don't eat it, I'll be eaten.
Who do you think you are?
You think you can lecture your father?
Father, it pains me
to hear people curse you.
If you would let go of your greed a bit,
people would like you.
They don't need to like me.
Why does it matter
if they curse me or not?
They're just blaming others
because they have nothing.
What do you know about management
to say that to Father?
Do you think that kind of idea will
help run a big company like this?
Do you know how many employees
he's responsible for?
I know. I know all of that.
Can't you let things slide a little?
Thinking about survival of the fittest
and attacking all the time.
Then once everyone dies,
what do we have left, Woo Sung?
You little punk.
Where did you pick up this stuff
that you're being so insolent?
Hyuk. You're not a leftist, are you?
Have you gone that way?
Father, why are you bringing up
being left wing in our conversation?
It's out of context.
Forget it. Be quiet.
I can't have a son like you
in the company, so just go.
Father!
Isn't anyone out there?
Get this kid out of here now. Right now!
Father, you need to change your mind.
Survival of the fittest is
such an 80s frame of mind.
It's old and not fun!
You piece of crap...
CEO Byun!
CEO, there's big news.
It's the Blue House, Blue House.
Blue? Blue House?
Where's that?
Is it Madam Oh or Madam Hwang?
Not that.
I'm talking about the president.
What?
The Blue House?
Oh, what's going on here?
Ah, ah...
The East Sea...
Yes, this is Byun Gang Su.
What?
Yes, Your Excellency.
I understand, Your Excellency.
How embarrassing.
What's with "Your Excellency"?
He's so old fashioned.
You're the second son's
personal secretary?
Yes.
How could a big company like
Gangsu Foods do something like this?
I am very offended.
I cannot let this go.
I see.
I understand why you are offended.
We are very sorry about
the way this proceeded, as well.
But can you take a look at this?
What is it?
As you can see, the two products
appeal to different age groups.
Those in their 20s to 40s like
your sensible and trendy product.
Those 50 and over like
the beef rice bowl they are used to.
The point is that your
customer base was not taken away.
This occurred because we switched
subcontractors as you requested, Chef.
So, what are you saying?
Are you saying I'm at fault too?
No, I didn't mean that at all.
In the process of
the contract termination
the company broke the custom
of a unilateral contract termination.
Gangsu Group made an effort
for both parties to co-exist.
It ended up being leaked to the media.
Our CEO ended up getting a
commendation from the President of Korea.
Huh... what? What did you say?
[Gangsu Group:
Promotes Direct Hiring of Cleaners]
[Hiring without a resume]
[Amazing. Applause for Gangsu Group.]
[Gangsu Group, Gangsu Group Hiring]
[Gangsu Group Commendation...]
If you were to file
a lawsuit in this situation...
wouldn't people start saying
you only care about money?
That was my concern.
Ah... I see.
Gangsu Group is considering this
to be a big celebration.
Seman Foods got their contract
extended thanks to you.
It's all thanks to your great article.
Thank you very much.
No need to thank me.
I got a good article out of your tip.
I should be thanking you.
If you have a good source,
please give me a call in the future.
Sure.
Okay. Bye, then.
You have a smart employee
working for you.
Who are you referring to?
The female employee
you sent to persuade me.
She said she was a secretary
for the CEO's second son.
Director Seol,
I will not pursue the lawsuit.
I should partake
in this movement of co-existence.
Bye, now.
- Cheers!
- Good job!
[DF Ver] E09 Revolutionary Love
-= Ruo Xi =-
Slow down. No one can get any.
I'm sorry. It's just so good.
What is this anyway?
It's so chewy and tasty.
You've never had pork skin?
Pork skin?
What is it?
Is it hard for you to eat it
now that you know?
How come I didn't know
about this delicious food?
It's not right. I feel betrayed.
I get so shocked when I'm with Hyuk.
The difference in our levels
is so dramatic.
Rather than being the son of a rich
household who never tried pork skin
my life is much better
since I've had lots of pork skin!
Anyway, thank you.
You saved me.
Thank you to you too, young lady.
It's nothing.
It's all thanks to Mister Kim.
Yes, that's very true!
Oh no. What did I do?
You did a lot.
Everyone, thank you to all of you.
Thank you.
Let's do a toast, everyone.
Success to Gangsu's beef rice bowl!
- Success!
- Cheers!
So delicious.
- Is it that good?
- Yes, it is.
Slow down. No one's
going to take it from you.
It's hot.
Ah... this is nice.
I'm so full.
I really like pork skin.
How could that be
your first time trying it?
It's cold.
Yeah.
You should be honest and admit it.
What?
Why do you continue to deny it, Joon?
Open your heart and accept your feelings.
If I felt two million volts,
you must've felt at least one million.
How can we be friends?
No, we're meant to be.
Don't deny fate, Joon.
Let me ask you something.
Why are you by Byun Hyuk's side?
Why not just come work
as an intern instead?
I want to change things.
In order to change things
as an employee of Gangsu Group
I would have to be an executive,
at the very least.
What do you think
the chances of that are?
Suppose I'm very talented
and I do become an executive.
How many years would that take?
10 years, 15 years, or maybe 20?
Once I get through
the difficulties to get up there...
do you think I will still maintain the
mindset of wanting to change things?
With Hyuk, it's possible.
If Hyuk changes his mind,
Gangsu Group changes.
You saw it too.
Don't think that I changed Hyuk.
Watching Hyuk change
is what changed the way I think.
So, change the way you think.
Even if you insist it's friendship,
you cannot hide true love.
You will eventually
have to accept our fate.
- Oh, it's a rat.
- A rat?
Rat? Rat, rat, rat?
- Rat, rat, rat!
- What do we do?
- It's a rat, a rat.
- Oh no.
- Oh, it's so big. What do we do?
- Rat!
A rat, a rat...
Seriously? That's not fair, Joon.
What did I do?
A rat is out of line.
A rat?
So, Hyuk...
I'm going to take some time
and let things play out.
Why did we end up meeting like this?
If we met because of fate like you said,
then what's the reason?
Even a clumsy cow can catch a mouse,
but it should know its place.
First, the direct hiring of cleaners,
and now this subcontractor issue.
A commendation honor from the president
because of Hyuk's trouble-making?
Isn't the world so unfair?
Yes, the world has always been unfair.
Oh, are you home?
What brings you by?
These are clothes for Young Master.
His mother sent some
food for him, as well.
You should eat some too.
Are the floors heated?
Does it get drafty?
Oh my.
It must get uncomfortable
with only one bed.
You ought to let Young Master
sleep on the bed if you can.
Dad, do you know how many years
it's been since you've visited?
All you can say when you do come
is how concerned you are about Hyuk?
You're good at everything,
so I don't worry about you.
Yet, you worry about Hyuk?
Of course, I worry.
He was in a house that was like a palace,
so it must be very hard for him here.
Uh... hold on.
I did slip upstairs a little.
The lights were off on the roof.
Why do you care about the roof?
Hyuk's mother wants me to
look into what kind of girl she is.
Even his mother?
Why is the whole family
so interested in Joon?
She really likes
that young lady very much.
The young master has started
to get it together since he met her.
She thinks things are working out well.
So, what?
Is that great household going to bring
a girl like Joon into the family?
I was very surprised too.
She told me to see
how far along their relationship is.
It seems she is considering her
as a spouse for Hyuk.
- What?
- That's why I'm asking...
Do you know anything?
How far have they progressed?
What? Do you not know?
Father.
Are you happy living this way?
You know everything about them
and now even look into women.
You've done all their menial chores.
Have you never regretted it?
I really don't know,
and that's why I'm asking.
Tell me honestly just once.
No, I have never regretted it.
How could a person like me ever
work for a person like CEO Byun?
He has given me everything.
Even after suffering that disgrace?
Don't worry.
CEO Byun said
he'd take care of everything.
You just need to study hard, okay?
Jae Hoon, look at my face just once.
I was able to raise you this way,
thanks to that.
You're saying you
sacrificed yourself for me...
It makes me feel awful.
I'm also sick and tired of it.
So...
Do you want me to
live my life forever like you?
All right.
Father.
Eat well and stay healthy.
- Be good until I come back.
- Father!
- Go on in.
- Let go! Father.
- Don't worry.
No!
Father...
Father!
Father.
Father, I...
I'm having a very hard time.
It's very hard for me.
No! I will go.
I said I'd take responsibility for it.
Why would you send him?
Open the door, please! Mister!
Mister!
Open the door.
A coworker was retiring that day
and we were drinking a lot.
It was the alcohol.
You didn't think
I spent the night there, did you?
No, I wasn't thinking anything.
Don't worry.
For real, right?
Third Generation and that guy...
Kwon Jae Hoon too?
I told you not to worry.
Just forget about it.
I should.
It keeps bothering me.
I keep thinking about it.
Joon.
A guy did a mean thing to me,
but I keep thinking about him.
What, exactly, is this feeling?
What kind of thoughts are you having?
I just... thought he was a jerk.
My heart aches when I think about him.
Since when?
Since I saw him sleeping.
What should I do, Joon?
[Certificate of Honor]
Goodness, a certificate
from the Blue House.
Of all the things to happen in my life.
Congratulations, Honey.
This is so nice having
a meal together, thanks to Hyuk.
Good job, Hyuk.
I'm happy since you're happy, Mom.
I always knew you'd do well.
I'm the one who carried Hyuk
on my back and raised him.
Please remember that this wouldn't
have happened without me.
When was it that you were berating him?
Hyuk seems to be helping out
Father well, so I'm proud of him.
Yes.
What do I now?
I was never really interested in it.
However, I do have a friend
who's always teaching me things.
Friend? Who is it?
You saw her before, Father.
Her name is Baek Joon.
That young lady who cleans?
Yes, she has a lot of experience in life
and knows so much.
I am always learning a lot through Joon.
Mom, is she Pyunggang?
Pyunggang?
What do you mean, Pyunggang?
What does that mean?
It's nothing.
Honey.
It seems that
Monk Chung Woong is correct.
Why? What did Monk Chung Woong say?
He said our Hyuk will
accomplish something big.
He even compared him to Steve Jobs.
Byun Hyuk, just like his name,
could be a revolutionary icon.
Oh, really?
Well, we'll have to
wait and see about that.
Will he become Jobs
or a person who can't do anything?
Hey.
I'll give you a reward,
so tell me if you want something.
A reward?
Yes, Gang Su!
Give him something good
while you're at it.
Our stock prices have
gone up a lot thanks to Hyuk.
Yes, give him something big.
I'll treat him well with this.
- Gang Su!
- Come on.
Woo Sung.
You've met that girl Baek Joon
who Hyuk's talking about, right?
What do you think about her?
Why are you suddenly interested in her?
Apparently, she's the Pyunggang to Hyuk.
She's like his lucky talisman who helps--
Whatever the case,
she's helping Hyuk a lot now.
I want to know who she is,
like her family and background.
I thought I should know these things.
Baek Joon?
Can you come see me?
Yes, Chief Byun.
What? My brother?
Yes, he just called her into his office.
Why would he need to talk to Joon?
You don't know, do you?
Don't worry. I'll look into it.
Oh, okay.
He doesn't know?
He doesn't seem to know.
What is this about?
Miss Baek Joon, why did you
approach my brother, Hyuk?
Excuse me?
You're with him
in order to manipulate him.
What's the reason?
What are you talking about?
Baek Sung Ki?
Is it about your father?
I don't know how we,
as brothers, might look to you.
Hyuk is my little brother.
I am his one and only brother.
No matter how much
I might not like what he's doing
I will always be on his side.
Blood runs thicker than
what you have with him.
I don't understand what your point is.
Your father, Baek Sung Ki.
He worked in Strategic Planning
before he left.
What about it?
Is something wrong with that?
Do you know why he left the company?
I know he was forced into retirement
and it was a wrongful dismissal.
Your father took bribes and was fired.
You're the daughter of an employee
who was bribed and fired.
It's bad enough that you work here.
Now, you're hanging around
my younger brother.
How am I supposed to
interpret all of this?
Bribery?
That's ridiculous!
I'll ask you one more time.
What's your motive for being with Hyuk?
What are you planning to do
by manipulating Hyuk?
You...
Get away from my brother
while I'm still being nice about it.
Otherwise, things will get really bad.
Got it?
Did Chief Byun put you up to it?
Is that why you
looked into my background?
That's why I asked you
to stay away from Hyuk.
Why did you make things this way
by not listening to me?
Tell me.
It's a lie, right?
The fact that my dad
got fired for bribery.
He made it all up, right?
Why does it matter if it's true or not?
Chief Byun is telling you
to get away from Hyuk.
No.
You don't know
how important this is to me.
I thought that my dad got kicked out of
the company when he did nothing wrong.
That's why I made the decision not to
work full-time for any company.
But what if that's not true?
What if I've lived my life
the wrong way all this time?
I need to know.
So, tell me.
Was my dad really... fired for bribery?
Is that right?
It's not true, Jae Hoon. Right?
He's right. It's true.
It makes no sense.
No... my dad would never.
See for yourself.
[Terminated for bribery]
The subcontractor who was victimized
even testified as a witness.
Who is that victim?
I need to confirm for myself. Who is it?
That man you helped.
Young lady, what can I do for you?
- You're here?
- Yes.
You haven't experienced it enough.
That's how the world is.
People don't approach guys like us
with pure motives like that.
You shouldn't have trusted anyone
just because she was good to you.
What are guys like us?
We have a lot and are very blessed.
We have the privilege of doing
almost anything we want.
If you need a woman,
find someone at your level.
Are we that great?
We're just salespeople.
We inherited Grandfather's
soy sauce business.
We sold soy bean paste and
red chili paste to get here.
Is that so great that we should have
such incompetent privilege?
What? Incompetent?
Our aunt and uncle fight daily in
order to get more for themselves.
There's our father,
who uses violence to get power.
Why are you so proud of
a household like that, Woo Sung?
Leave if you don't like
a family like that.
Don't make people worry by being
an intern when you're not good at it.
The world is a small place.
You're really
Manager Baek Sung Ki's daughter?
Yes.
You told me.
You said my father was a good man.
Yes, I did say that.
I thought about it a lot
and it was strange.
Most people wouldn't recall people
who took bribes as good.
I just saw the record of
your testimony, President Jang.
Did my dad really request bribes
from you like you testified?
Did he threaten you?
Please tell me.
I want to know the truth.
I don't remember that incident.
You do remember it.
You even spoke about my father when
you didn't know I was his daughter.
That means you still remember.
Why would you bring that up now?
It's not a good memory.
It's important to me.
My life depends on it.
Please... tell me.
It's true. It's just as I testified.
I gave Manager Baek bribes
just as I testified.
That was the procedure back then.
Subcontractors back then
gave away their organs.
It doesn't seem much different now.
President Jang.
Please... Please don't lie.
You said Manager Baek was different.
You said so yourself that
my dad was a good man.
President, President.
Don't ask me any more.
This is all I can say.
Wait, President. President...
You worked so hard for Gangsu Group.
You devoted your youth to them!
They worked you night and day.
How could they kick you out
overnight like this?
That's enough.
It's hard for me too.
How could they do this?
You were so wronged.
Don't you feel so wronged?
What are you doing, Dad?
I said what are you doing, Dad!
You weren't sleeping?
Why did you come out?
I'm hungry.
Huh?
I said I'm hungry, Dad.
Miss Baek Joon,
why did you approach my brother, Hyuk?
What's your motive for being with Hyuk?
What are you planning to do
by manipulating Hyuk?
I'm hungry.
Huh?
I said I'm hungry.
What are you doing?
Eat up.
Okay.
Ta-da.
What are you doing? Eat up.
Joon.
Do you know what the best ramen
I ever had in my life was?
It was the ramen you made for me
on the day we first met.
Back then, I thought
it was because I was hungry.
That wasn't it, though.
It was because it was you.
It was because I ate it with you.
For me, the ramen I eat with you...
tastes the best to me in the world.
I'm going to eat now.
That's good.
So, Hyuk...
I'm going to take some time
and let things play out.
Why did we end up meeting like this?
If we met because of fate like you said,
then what's the reason?
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Revolutionary Love]
Why are you going after my Joon?
Why would you bring up bribery
in front of my daughter?
No matter how much I think it,
your words make no sense, President.
You're hiding something, right?
There's something there.
Something is definitely there.
Hyuk is seeing her knowing that
she's Baek Sung Ki's daughter?
I think Woo Sung
revealed who Joon's father is.
I need to know the truth.
I need to find out for certain.
Your dad is dead and it's in the past.
What's the point of revealing it all?
If something wrong happened,
it needs to be fixed now.
Give me the chance to do it.